DOCS-912: Part 1: Cleaning up Vault (#949)
minio/docs: source/includes/linux/common-minio-kes.rst

.. start-kes-generate-kes-certs-prod-desc

KES requires TLS connectivity for all client connections, including those originating from MinIO.
See :ref:`minio-tls` for more information on enabling TLS for the MinIO deployment.

Depending on your Vault configuration, you may also need to create a dedicated set of TLS certificates for KES to connect and authenticate to Vault.

Defer to your organizations best practices around generating production-ready TLS certificates.

> Place the certificates and corresponding private keys a directory the KES service user can access and read their contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the certificates and corresponding private keys in a directory the KES service user can access and read their contents.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Place the certificates and corresponding private keys in a directory that the KES service user has permissions to access and read the directory's contents.
```
